See the example case for more details.
Select the statements about file permissions and chmod that are correct.

(Select all acceptable answers.)

1. The symbolic notation r-xrw-r-- can be represented with the octal notation 564.
True --> verified (chatgpt got wrong)
2. If a file has the permission string r-xrw-r--, all users are able to read and execute the file, but only the file owner can write to it.
False -->verified (chatgpt got wrong)
3. File permissions have three sets of permissions for three types of user, the owner, the group, and other users.
True --verified
4. The octal notation 755 cgie be represented as with the symbolic notation r-xrwxrwx.
false -- verified
5. chmod a+w <filename> can be used to give all users permission to write to a file.
true --verified
80% correct
Answer:


Let's evaluate each statement:

    The symbolic notation r-xrw-r-- can be represented with the octal notation 564.
        False. The symbolic notation r-xrw-r-- corresponds to octal notation 654. The correct octal notation for r-xrw-r-- is 654.

    If a file has the permission string r-xrw-r--, all users are able to read and execute the file, but only the file owner can write to it.
        True. In the permission string r-xrw-r--, the owner has read and execute permissions (r-x), the group has read and write permissions (rw-), and other users have only read permission (r--). So, only the file owner (rwx) can write to the file.

    File permissions have three sets of permissions for three types of user, the owner, the group, and other users.
        True. File permissions consist of three sets: owner permissions, group permissions, and other (or world) permissions.

    The octal notation 755 can be represented with the symbolic notation r-xrwxrwx.
        False. The octal notation 755 corresponds to the symbolic notation rwxr-xr-x. The correct symbolic notation for 755 is rwxr-xr-x.

    chmod a+w <filename> can be used to give all users permission to write to a file.
        True. chmod a+w <filename> adds write (w) permission for all (a) users on the specified file.

So, the correct statements are 2, 3, and 5.